This is no longer a valid link... (#115)
retest/docs: docs/review/usage/healing.md

    Code healing is an early feature and might not work for every use case. We would love to hear feedback and suggestions from you as we further improve this feature.

!!! warning

>     This feature is only available with the standard license. If you do not own such a license, please [buy one here](https://account.retest.de/customer/billing-data).

Reviewer: @martin-v What is the best alternative link for that? I would suggest https://account.retest.de/subscriptions. I never completed this setup...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This feature is only available with the standard license. If you do not own such a license, please write a mail to sales@retest.de.
```

The following conditions will not trigger code healing:

> 1. Your license does not suffice. In this case you need to [upgrade](https://account.retest.de/customer/billing-data) your license.

Reviewer: There is a second link here 😄

Author: Good catch!
